
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000078                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    77557500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   77557500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35502                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    66239                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              118797361                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4331984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       23176                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         43244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data          6784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             35328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data            106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst        330077684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         87470586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     37958934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            455507204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    330077684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       330077684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst       330077684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        87470586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     37958934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           455507204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       400.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       106.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples        46.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000001418485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState               1118                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                        552                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                      552                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                 35328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                  35328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14              51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                     77412500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                  552                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                    422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   284.939130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.282053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   272.749396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127           35     30.43%     30.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255           30     26.09%     56.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           16     13.91%     70.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           13     11.30%     81.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      6.96%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      1.74%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      1.74%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.74%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      6.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        25600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data         6784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher         2944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 330077684.298746109009                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87470586.339167714119                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 37958933.694355800748                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          400                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          106                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher           46                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13807641                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      4225919                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher      1202937                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34519.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     39867.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     26150.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     9580913                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               19236497                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   1839264                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17356.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               34848.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      455.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   455.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     425                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    140240.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   76.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            293162.688000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            344146.286400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           1825541.491200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        12468398.644800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        11663172.864000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        206093.529600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   38877498.777600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   113954.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          65791968.681600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           848.299245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime            63415509                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        64000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF      3150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN       237765                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     10828483                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     63277252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            102918.816000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            132682.905600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           496345.382400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        12468398.644800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        6288063.768000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        947812.723200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   32086488.268800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   6758495.520000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    2566185.115200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          61847391.144000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           797.439205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime            64502146                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1188500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF      3150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      2400780                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     14079086                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      4521004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     52218130                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         25472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data          7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             35456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        25472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        25472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data            112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst        328427296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         92421752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     36308545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            457157593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    328427296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       328427296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst       328427296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        92421752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     36308545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           457157593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       398.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       112.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples        44.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000001418485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState               1125                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                        554                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                      554                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                 35456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                  35456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                     77170500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                  554                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                    422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   299.054545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.253536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.328021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127           30     27.27%     27.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255           29     26.36%     53.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           19     17.27%     70.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           13     11.82%     82.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639            3      2.73%     85.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      1.82%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      4.55%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.82%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      6.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        25472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data         7168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher         2816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 328427295.877252399921                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 92421751.603648915887                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 36308545.272862069309                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          398                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          112                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher           44                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11703555                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      4390954                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher      1198296                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29405.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     39204.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     27234.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     7602237                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               17292805                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                   1845928                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13722.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31214.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      457.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   457.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     434                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    139296.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   78.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            268212.672000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            327560.923200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           1812922.540800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        12468398.644800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        11053828.699200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        284398.195200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   38807382.835200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   455417.760000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          65478122.270400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           844.252616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime            63883487                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       184000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF      3150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN       950352                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     10106505                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     63166643                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            106037.568000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            128536.564800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           517376.966400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        12468398.644800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        9043205.270400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        794466.086400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   28037164.646400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   8990402.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    1951551.067200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          62037139.214400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           799.885752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime            64078272                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       967000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF      3150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      1333780                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     18730953                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      7741720                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     45634047                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                   14708                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted             14708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              2370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 3937                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    1804                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                314                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            3937                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               1102                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2835                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          766                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        7413                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        5718                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       21017                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           436                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    14                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON        77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           155116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              26096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          67229                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                       14708                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               2906                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         39624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    5202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 4023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2727                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         5687                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     20641                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              80783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.624995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.399111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    50930     63.05%     63.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     3330      4.12%     67.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                     3037      3.76%     70.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     3501      4.33%     75.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     2912      3.60%     78.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     2721      3.37%     82.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    14352     17.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                6                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                80783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.094819                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.433411                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    37463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                 13972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                     24689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                  2058                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   2601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                 100802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                 16464                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   2601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    42705                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    8605                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           1987                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                     21414                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  3471                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  88240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                  5738                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                    419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   2867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               92615                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                214833                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups           132650                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              4392                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 47085                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    45530                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 33                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             31                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      2298                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                11161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                8298                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads               462                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores              335                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      81719                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 110                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     69884                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           38584                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        55291                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             96                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         80783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.865083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.557981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               56790     70.30%     70.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                5055      6.26%     76.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                5407      6.69%     83.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                5552      6.87%     90.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                4154      5.14%     95.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                2207      2.73%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                1618      2.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           80783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      6      1.04%      1.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      1.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     23      3.99%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      2      0.35%      5.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    26      4.51%      9.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      9.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      9.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   26      4.51%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     14.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    259     44.97%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   125     21.70%     81.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                27      4.69%     85.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               82     14.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              1028      1.47%      1.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 51461     73.64%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  140      0.20%     75.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    45      0.06%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  19      0.03%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  378      0.54%     75.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     75.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  116      0.17%     76.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     76.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  142      0.20%     76.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 288      0.41%     76.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     76.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                187      0.27%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                    0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                 0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash               0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash             0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2              0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3              0      0.00%     76.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 9371     13.41%     90.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                6106      8.74%     99.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             139      0.20%     99.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            464      0.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  69884                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.450527                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         576                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads             216603                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            117847                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        59878                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                4753                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               2623                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2208                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  66973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    2459                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             1653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         5587                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           58                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3625                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            85                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Store at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Loads at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedLoads         5574                       # number of commited loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedStores         4673                       # number of commited stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedLoads            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedStores            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCapabilityCacheMiss            0                       # Total number of capability cache misses
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   2601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    7307                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   635                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               81829                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch              Due to PID Missprediction
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                 11161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 8298                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 54                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     25                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQCapabilityBlockEvent            0                       # number of times the IEW blocked due to a capability check
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   595                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             58                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            395                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2495                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 2890                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 63559                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  7406                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              6325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute              Due to Misspredicted PID
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                        13123                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     5792                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       5717                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.409751                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          62649                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         62086                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     42768                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     67863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.400255                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.630211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           32081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              14                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              2563                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        73270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.590201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.498863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        60078     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3266      4.46%     86.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2503      3.42%     89.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         2019      2.76%     92.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1367      1.87%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          775      1.06%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3262      4.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        73270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                23176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  43244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                          10247                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          5574                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       4400                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       2169                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     41564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  613                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          123      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu            31587     73.04%     73.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             139      0.32%     73.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               42      0.10%     73.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             16      0.04%     73.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     73.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     73.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             374      0.86%     74.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             110      0.25%     74.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             142      0.33%     75.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            278      0.64%     75.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift           186      0.43%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes               0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            5478     12.67%     88.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite           4236      9.80%     98.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           96      0.22%     98.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          437      1.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total             43244                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                  3262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                       145333                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                      158251                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           74333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                       23176                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         43244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               6.692958                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         6.692958                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.149411                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.149411                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    87798                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   48468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      4156                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     1683                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                     25630                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                    16584                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                   27043                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.numOutStandingCapabilityCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of R/W Accesses to Capability Cache in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingWriteAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Write Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingReadAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Read Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOfAliasTableAccess                    0                       # Number of Checkes for PID Misprediction
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPmAn                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PmAn PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0An                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted P0An PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPnA0                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PnA0 PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredict                          0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTAccuracy                           nan                       # Overall LVPT Accuracy
system.cpu.numAliasCacheMisses                      0                       # Number of AliasCache Misses
system.cpu.numAliasCacheAccesses                    0                       # Number of Alias Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheMisses                 0                       # Number of Capability Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheAccesses               0                       # Number of Capability Cache Misses
system.cpu.overallCapabilityCacheMissRate          nan                       # Overall CapabilityCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.overallAliasCacheMissRate              nan                       # Overall AliasCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityCheckMicroops             0                       # number of injected capability check microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityFreeMicroops              0                       # number of injected capability free microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityGenMicroops               0                       # number of injected capability gen microops
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0LowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0PointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           183.150657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               10114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             35.240418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            218500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   183.150657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.178858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.178858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.275391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             20821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            20821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            5300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           4527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             9827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            9827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30871500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30871500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41944500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     41944500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41944500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     41944500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        10267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        10267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031451                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031451                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105363.481229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105363.481229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75326.530612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75326.530612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95328.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95328.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95328.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95328.409091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           36                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          928                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           36                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          116                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                 5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10593500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10593500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27078500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27078500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27078500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27078500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 116091.549296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116091.549296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73058.620690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73058.620690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 94350.174216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94350.174216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 94350.174216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94350.174216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           311.976516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               20329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             22.764838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   311.976516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.609329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.609329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             42103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            42103                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           19436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            19436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           19436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107029469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107029469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107029469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107029469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107029469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107029469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        20605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        20605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91556.431993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91556.431993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91556.431993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91556.431993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91556.431993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91556.431993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        47884                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               407                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   117.651106                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    67.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87019973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87019973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87019973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87019973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87019973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87019973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.043436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.043436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.043436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97229.020112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97229.020112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97229.020112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97229.020112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97229.020112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97229.020112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued              400                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified                 400                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                    64                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   124.160181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.311891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   2122000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     111.074793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher    13.085388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.003390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.003789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022            18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.000549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.010193                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     13329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    13329                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          419                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              419                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data                60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             92                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 92                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                   68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  92                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                  68                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     160                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data              85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          800                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              800                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          134                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             134                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data                219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   1019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data               219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  1019                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8938000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8938000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84117000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     84117000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15951500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     15951500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     24889500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        109006500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     24889500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       109006500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          419                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          419                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data           145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          892                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            892                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          142                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           142                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data              287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 1179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data             287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                1179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.586207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.896861                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.896861                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.943662                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.943662                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.896861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.763066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.864292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.896861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.763066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.864292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105152.941176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105152.941176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 105146.250000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105146.250000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119041.044776                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119041.044776                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 105146.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 113650.684932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106973.994112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 105146.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 113650.684932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106973.994112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher          118                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total            118                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             85                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          799                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          133                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              1017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             1135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher      5661182                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5661182                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7153000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7153000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67295000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67295000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13079000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13079000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher      5661182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93188182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.936620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.936620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.759582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.862595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.895740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.759582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.962680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 47976.118644                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47976.118644                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84152.941176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84152.941176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84224.030038                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84224.030038                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98338.345865                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98338.345865                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84224.030038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92807.339450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86063.913471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84224.030038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92807.339450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 47976.118644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82104.125110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1106                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                85                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               85                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         2212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        35328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        35456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        70784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   70784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    1106    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              685362                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy              686365                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5944217                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         1607                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          433                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             28                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     77557500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq              141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  2784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        83840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 102528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             144                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       192                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             1323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.028723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.167089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1285     97.13%     97.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     38      2.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               1323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            1228500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1340498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            431498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
