
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    71432000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   71432000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  47293                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    87811                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              163240048                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4331184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       20693                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         38422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         24192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data          6592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher         3008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        24192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        24192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data            103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst        338671744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         92283570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     42109979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            473065293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    338671744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       338671744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst       338671744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        92283570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     42109979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           473065293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       378.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       103.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples        47.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000724245                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState               1069                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                        528                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                      528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                 33792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                  33792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11              11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12              35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14              51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25              11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                     71208000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                  528                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                    404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   273.836066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   179.400441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   261.399234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127           42     34.43%     34.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255           29     23.77%     58.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           16     13.11%     71.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           11      9.02%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           10      8.20%     88.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767            4      3.28%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      2.46%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      2.46%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      3.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        24192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data         6592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher         3008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 338671743.756299674511                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 92283570.388621345162                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 42109978.721021391451                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          378                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          103                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher           47                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11955751                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      4597205                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher      1312561                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31628.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     44633.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     27926.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     8629741                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               17865517                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   1759296                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16344.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33836.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      473.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   473.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     404                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    134863.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   76.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            283806.432000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            369024.331200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           1749827.788800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        12468398.644800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        10939178.577600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        213706.483200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   35325128.294400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   352259.040000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          61701329.592000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           863.777153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime            58052742                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        64000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF      3150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN       733498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9986750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     57497752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            102918.816000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            136829.246400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           471107.481600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        12468398.644800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        5105468.995200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        717792.768000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   30066432.614400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   7385844.480000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          56454793.046400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           790.329167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime            63341840                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       836500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF      3150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     15386760                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      3114380                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     48944360                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data          7040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             33792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        24064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        24064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data            110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst        336879830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data         98555269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     37630194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            473065293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    336879830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       336879830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst       336879830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data        98555269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     37630194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           473065293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       110.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples        42.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000689165                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState               1072                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                        528                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                      528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                 33792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                  33792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14              49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                     71111500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                  528                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                    397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   295.079646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.845978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   274.000526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127           30     26.55%     26.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255           31     27.43%     53.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           24     21.24%     75.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511            6      5.31%     80.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639            4      3.54%     84.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      6.19%     90.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      2.65%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      2.65%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      4.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        24064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data         7040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher         2688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 336879829.768171131611                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 98555269.347071334720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 37630193.750699967146                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          376                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          110                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher           42                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12079144                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      3377111                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher      1190795                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32125.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30701.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     28352.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     7411274                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               16647050                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                   1759296                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14036.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31528.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      473.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   473.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     412                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    134680.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   78.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            249500.160000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            319268.241600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           1724589.888000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        12468398.644800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        10423253.030400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        289836.019200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   35752989.081600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   253498.560000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          61481333.625600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           860.697357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime            58571084                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF      3150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN       528672                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9380068                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     58195260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            112275.072000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            149268.268800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           496345.382400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        12468398.644800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        7501798.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        582934.732800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   27407656.550400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   8208315.360000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          56926992.091200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           796.939636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime            60731204                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF      3150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     17101339                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      5934516                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     44619145                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                   12486                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted             12486                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              2102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 3423                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    1193                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            3423                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                909                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2514                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          679                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        6475                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        4981                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            88                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            32                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       17975                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           467                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    14                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON        71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           142865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              26149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          57998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                       12486                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               2102                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         34920                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    4670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 4195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2980                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         5327                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     17568                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   678                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              75931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.484269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.337837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    50329     66.28%     66.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     2840      3.74%     70.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                     2513      3.31%     73.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     3113      4.10%     77.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     2489      3.28%     80.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     2341      3.08%     83.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    12306     16.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                6                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                75931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.087397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.405964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    37302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                 13334                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                     21005                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                  1955                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   2335                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  87384                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                 13541                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   2335                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    41795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    7642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2054                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                     18378                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  3727                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  76963                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                  4705                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                    393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   3079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents                3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               81624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                188949                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups           114747                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              4400                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 42601                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    39023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 33                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             31                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      2884                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 9328                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                7123                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads               360                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores              266                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      71494                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 110                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     61809                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               207                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           33181                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        45942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             96                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         75931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.814015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.519908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               54514     71.79%     71.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                4668      6.15%     77.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                4827      6.36%     84.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                4960      6.53%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                3644      4.80%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                1877      2.47%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                1441      1.90%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           75931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      6      1.20%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      1.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     21      4.22%      5.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      5.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      2      0.40%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    26      5.22%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   26      5.22%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     16.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    194     38.96%     55.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   114     22.89%     78.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                28      5.62%     83.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               81     16.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               986      1.60%      1.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 45662     73.88%     75.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  137      0.22%     75.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    45      0.07%     75.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  19      0.03%     75.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  378      0.61%     76.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     76.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  116      0.19%     76.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     76.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  142      0.23%     76.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 288      0.47%     77.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     77.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                187      0.30%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                    0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash               0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash             0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2              0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3              0      0.00%     77.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 8000     12.94%     90.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                5242      8.48%     99.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             145      0.23%     99.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            462      0.75%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  61809                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.432639                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         498                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008057                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads             195497                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            102178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        52985                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                4757                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               2647                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2207                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  58860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    2461                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             1418                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         4417                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            86                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Store at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Loads at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedLoads         4911                       # number of commited loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedStores         3995                       # number of commited stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedLoads            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedStores            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCapabilityCacheMiss            0                       # Total number of capability cache misses
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   2335                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    5261                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   658                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               71604                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch              Due to PID Missprediction
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  9328                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 7123                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 54                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     28                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQCapabilityBlockEvent            0                       # number of times the IEW blocked due to a capability check
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   619                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2317                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 2612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 56415                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  6467                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              5394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute              Due to Misspredicted PID
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                        11447                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     5162                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       4980                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.394883                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          55707                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         55192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     37854                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     59905                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.386323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.631901                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           27694                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              14                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              2307                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        69275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.445710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        57261     82.66%     82.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3110      4.49%     87.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         2324      3.35%     90.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1876      2.71%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1266      1.83%     95.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          656      0.95%     95.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2782      4.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        69275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                20693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  38422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           8906                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          4911                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       3864                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       2169                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     36742                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          123      0.32%      0.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu            28109     73.16%     73.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             136      0.35%     73.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               42      0.11%     73.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             16      0.04%     73.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     73.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     73.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             374      0.97%     74.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             110      0.29%     75.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             142      0.37%     75.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            278      0.72%     76.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift           186      0.48%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes               0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            4815     12.53%     89.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite           3558      9.26%     98.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           96      0.25%     98.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          437      1.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total             38422                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                  2782                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                       132609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                      138970                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             480                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           66934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                       20693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         38422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               6.904026                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         6.904026                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.144843                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.144843                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    77534                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   42948                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      4155                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     1683                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                     24273                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                    15267                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                   23931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.numOutStandingCapabilityCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of R/W Accesses to Capability Cache in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingWriteAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Write Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingReadAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Read Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOfAliasTableAccess                    0                       # Number of Checkes for PID Misprediction
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPmAn                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PmAn PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0An                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted P0An PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPnA0                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PnA0 PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredict                          0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTAccuracy                           nan                       # Overall LVPT Accuracy
system.cpu.numAliasCacheMisses                      0                       # Number of AliasCache Misses
system.cpu.numAliasCacheAccesses                    0                       # Number of Alias Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheMisses                 0                       # Number of Capability Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheAccesses               0                       # Number of Capability Cache Misses
system.cpu.overallCapabilityCacheMissRate          nan                       # Overall CapabilityCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.overallAliasCacheMissRate              nan                       # Overall AliasCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityCheckMicroops             0                       # number of injected capability check microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityFreeMicroops              0                       # number of injected capability free microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityGenMicroops               0                       # number of injected capability gen microops
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0LowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0PointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           174.142487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                8756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.271429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            218500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   174.142487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.170061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.170061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.269531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             18084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            18084                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            4625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         3851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           3851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             8476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            8476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     28490500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28490500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11591500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11591500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     40082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     40082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3996                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3996                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.057277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101389.679715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101389.679715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79941.379310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79941.379310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 94089.201878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94089.201878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 94089.201878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94089.201878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1086                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            8                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   135.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                 4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11102000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11102000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     26041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     26041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 109043.795620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109043.795620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77636.363636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77636.363636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 93003.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93003.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 93003.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93003.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           299.563489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               17293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             20.986650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   299.563489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.585085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.585085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.919922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             35904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            35904                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           16469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            16469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           16469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99244967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99244967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99244967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99244967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99244967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99244967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        17540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        17540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.061060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.061060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.061060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92665.702148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92665.702148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92665.702148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92665.702148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92665.702148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92665.702148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        46984                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           83                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               360                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   130.511111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    41.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81754473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81754473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81754473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81754473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81754473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81754473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99096.330909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99096.330909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99096.330909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99096.330909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99096.330909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99096.330909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued              392                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified                 392                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                    64                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   107.906718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.297297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   2122000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      94.401378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher    13.505341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.002881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.000412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.003293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022            19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.000580                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008911                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     12100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    12100                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          353                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              353                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data                59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             66                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 66                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data             7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                   66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  66                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                  66                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data              84                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  84                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          756                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              756                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data                214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data               214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   970                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9475500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9475500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79465000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     79465000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14440500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     14440500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        103381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       103381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          353                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          353                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data           143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          822                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            822                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          137                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           137                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data              280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 1102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data             280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                1102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587413                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.587413                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.919708                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.919708                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.948905                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.948905                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.919708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.764286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.880218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.919708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.764286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.880218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 112803.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112803.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 105112.433862                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105112.433862                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 111080.769231                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111080.769231                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 105112.433862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 111757.009346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106578.350515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 105112.433862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 111757.009346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106578.350515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher          117                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total            117                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             84                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          755                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher      5775189                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5775189                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7711500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7711500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63567000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63567000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11652000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11652000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19363500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82930500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19363500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher      5775189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88705689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.918491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.941606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.918491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.878403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.918491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.760714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 49360.589744                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49360.589744                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91803.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91803.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84194.701987                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84194.701987                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 90325.581395                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90325.581395                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84194.701987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 90908.450704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85672.004132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84194.701987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 90908.450704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 49360.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81756.395392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1056                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                84                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               84                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         2112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        33792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        33792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        67584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   67584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    1056    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              654856                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy              656378                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5662672                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         1462                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          363                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             28                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     71432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               961                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq              140                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  2563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        75136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                  93312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             143                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       192                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             1245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.028916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.167637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1209     97.11%     97.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     36      2.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               1245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            1088000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1236499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            420499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
