
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000063                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    63232000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   63232000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48763                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    90283                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              178913049                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4330000                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       17232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         31907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data          6080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             30272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        21376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        21376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data             95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst        338056680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data         96153846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     44534413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            478744939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    338056680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       338056680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst       338056680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data        96153846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     44534413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           478744939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       334.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples        95.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples        44.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000762245                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState                960                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                        473                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                      473                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                 30272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                  30272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22              13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31              28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                     63019500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                  473                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                    355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.929204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.565268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.463385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127           34     30.09%     30.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255           33     29.20%     59.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           17     15.04%     74.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           12     10.62%     84.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639            4      3.54%     88.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      5.31%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      1.77%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.77%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      2.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        21376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data         6080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher         2816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 338056680.161943376064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 96153846.153846159577                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 44534412.955465592444                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          334                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data           95                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher           44                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10963358                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      3174436                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher      1186776                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32824.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33415.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     26972.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     7050854                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               15324570                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   1576036                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14906.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32398.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      478.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   478.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     356                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    133233.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   75.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            208956.384000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            265365.811200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           1173562.387200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        11083021.017600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        8182621.641600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        190867.622400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   32248727.347200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   393842.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          53746964.611200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           849.996277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime            53109899                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        70000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF      2800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN       821165                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      7052593                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     52488242                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            155937.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            203170.699200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           816025.459200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        11083021.017600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        6251970.211200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        264278.246400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   32400730.521600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1311875.040000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          52487008.795200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           830.070357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime            55318003                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       183000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF      2800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      2733873                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      4778149                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     52736978                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         22080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data          6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             31552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data            104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst        349190283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data        105263158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     44534413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            498987854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    349190283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       349190283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst       349190283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data       105263158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     44534413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           498987854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       345.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       104.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples        44.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000742165                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState               1001                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                        493                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                      493                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                 31552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                  31552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30              50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                     62828000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                  493                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                    372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   275.649123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.147852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   257.148178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127           36     31.58%     31.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255           27     23.68%     55.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           20     17.54%     72.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           11      9.65%     82.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      5.26%     87.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      5.26%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.88%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.75%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      4.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        22080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data         6656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher         2816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 349190283.400809764862                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 105263157.894736856222                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 44534412.955465592444                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          345                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          104                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher           44                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11335469                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      3216037                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher      1249432                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32856.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30923.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     28396.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     7177382                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               15800938                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                   1642676                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14558.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32050.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      498.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   498.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     377                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    127440.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            215193.888000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            277804.833600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           1203006.604800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        11083021.017600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        8418999.052800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        328988.352000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   31745120.870400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   552179.040000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          53824313.659200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           851.219535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime            52678581                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF      2800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      1150432                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      7339071                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     51660497                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            146581.344000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            194878.017600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           870707.577600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        11083021.017600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        6434561.145600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        543782.400000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   32301954.048000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1080367.680000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          52655853.230400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           832.740594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime            54258002                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF      2800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      2252366                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      4991378                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     52580756                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    9489                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              9489                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              1568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 2507                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     253                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            2507                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                778                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             1729                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          478                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        5100                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        3623                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       13391                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           337                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    14                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON        63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           126465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              22839                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          43917                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        9489                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               1031                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         27087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    3486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 3616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2403                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           51                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3901                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     13111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   586                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              61640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.383631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.292790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    42262     68.56%     68.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     2355      3.82%     72.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                     1729      2.80%     75.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     2288      3.71%     78.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     1821      2.95%     81.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     1784      2.89%     84.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                     9401     15.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                6                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                61640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.075033                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.347266                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    30163                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                 12001                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                     16358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                  1375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   1743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  67543                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                  9251                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   1743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    33326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    5887                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2880                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                     14508                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  3296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  60246                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                  3196                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                    369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   2739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               66997                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                150242                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            86619                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              4393                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 36810                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    30187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 29                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             27                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      2361                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 6840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                5027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads               290                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores              270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      56413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 106                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     49546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           24611                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        33684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         61640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.803796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.515898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               44454     72.12%     72.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                3878      6.29%     78.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                3766      6.11%     84.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                3904      6.33%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                2933      4.76%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                1538      2.50%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                1167      1.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           61640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      7      1.69%      1.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      1.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     20      4.84%      6.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      6.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      6.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    24      5.81%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   25      6.05%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     18.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    172     41.65%     60.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    56     13.56%     73.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                26      6.30%     79.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               83     20.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               812      1.64%      1.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 37272     75.23%     76.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  134      0.27%     77.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    45      0.09%     77.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  18      0.04%     77.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     77.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     77.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  378      0.76%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  116      0.23%     78.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  142      0.29%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 288      0.58%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                188      0.38%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                    0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                 0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash               0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash             0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3              0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 5991     12.09%     91.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                3551      7.17%     98.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             144      0.29%     99.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            467      0.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  49546                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.391776                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         413                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008336                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads             156515                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             78467                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        42894                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                4757                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               2669                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2211                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  46687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    2460                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             1090                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2875                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2083                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            80                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Store at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Loads at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedLoads         3965                       # number of commited loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedStores         2944                       # number of commited stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedLoads            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedStores            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCapabilityCacheMiss            0                       # Total number of capability cache misses
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   1743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    4186                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   900                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               56519                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch              Due to PID Missprediction
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  6840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 5027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 52                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     21                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQCapabilityBlockEvent            0                       # number of times the IEW blocked due to a capability check
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   873                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            141                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1814                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 1955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 46002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  5093                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              3544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute              Due to Misspredicted PID
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         8716                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     4231                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       3623                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.363753                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          45518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         45105                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     31578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     49515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.356660                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.637746                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           20836                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              14                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              1736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        56571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.564017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.464523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        46700     82.55%     82.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         2498      4.42%     86.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1985      3.51%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         1465      2.59%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          956      1.69%     94.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          582      1.03%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2385      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        56571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                17232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  31907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           6909                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          3965                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       3195                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       2169                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     30229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          121      0.38%      0.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu            23596     73.95%     74.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             133      0.42%     74.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               42      0.13%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             16      0.05%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             374      1.17%     76.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             110      0.34%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             142      0.45%     76.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            278      0.87%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift           186      0.58%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes               0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     78.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            3869     12.13%     90.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite           2507      7.86%     98.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           96      0.30%     98.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          437      1.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total             31907                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                  2385                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                       106929                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                      110623                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           64825                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                       17232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         31907                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               7.338962                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         7.338962                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.136259                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.136259                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    61205                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   35209                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      4162                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     1683                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                     22884                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                    13743                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                   19374                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.numOutStandingCapabilityCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of R/W Accesses to Capability Cache in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingWriteAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Write Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingReadAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Read Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOfAliasTableAccess                    0                       # Number of Checkes for PID Misprediction
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPmAn                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PmAn PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0An                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted P0An PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPnA0                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PnA0 PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredict                          0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTAccuracy                           nan                       # Overall LVPT Accuracy
system.cpu.numAliasCacheMisses                      0                       # Number of AliasCache Misses
system.cpu.numAliasCacheAccesses                    0                       # Number of Alias Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheMisses                 0                       # Number of Capability Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheAccesses               0                       # Number of Capability Cache Misses
system.cpu.overallCapabilityCacheMissRate          nan                       # Overall CapabilityCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.overallAliasCacheMissRate              nan                       # Overall AliasCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityCheckMicroops             0                       # number of injected capability check microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityFreeMicroops              0                       # number of injected capability free microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityGenMicroops               0                       # number of injected capability gen microops
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0LowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0PointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           162.340699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                6664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.338403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            218500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.340699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.158536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.158536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.256836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             13883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            13883                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            3589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         2812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           2812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             6401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            6401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           409                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9771500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9771500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37260500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     37260500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37260500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     37260500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.071650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 99238.267148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99238.267148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74026.515152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74026.515152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91101.466993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91101.466993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91101.466993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91101.466993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1308                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   163.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          146                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9490500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9490500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23348500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23348500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23348500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23348500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 104984.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104984.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72446.564885                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72446.564885                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88777.566540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88777.566540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88777.566540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88777.566540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           273.684577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               12871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.138482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   273.684577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.534540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.534540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             26903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            26903                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           12120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            12120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           12120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88151471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88151471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88151471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88151471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88151471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88151471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        13076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        13076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92208.651674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92208.651674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92208.651674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92208.651674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92208.651674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92208.651674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        41831                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               316                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   132.376582                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           37                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74451477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74451477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74451477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74451477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74451477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74451477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99004.623670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99004.623670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99004.623670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99004.623670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99004.623670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99004.623670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued              376                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified                 376                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                    64                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                    92.346647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   1673000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      72.717314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher    19.629333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.002219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.000599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.002818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022            21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.000641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.007416                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     10956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    10956                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              308                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data                57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             69                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 69                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data             6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                 6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                   63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  69                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                  63                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data              74                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  74                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              680                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          126                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             126                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data                200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               680                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data               200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7937000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7937000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     72179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13394000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     13394000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72179500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         93510500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72179500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        93510500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          308                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data           131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          749                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            749                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          132                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           132                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data              263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 1012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data             263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                1012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564885                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.564885                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.907877                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.907877                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.907877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.760456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.869565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.907877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.760456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.869565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 107256.756757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107256.756757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106146.323529                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106146.323529                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106301.587302                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106301.587302                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106146.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       106655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106261.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 106146.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       106655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106261.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher          116                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total            116                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             74                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          125                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher      5643204                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5643204                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6383000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6383000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57920500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57920500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10686000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10686000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57920500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     17069000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74989500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57920500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     17069000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher      5643204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80632704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.907877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.907877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.946970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.946970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.907877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.756654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.868577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.907877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.756654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 48648.310345                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48648.310345                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86256.756757                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86256.756757                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85177.205882                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85177.205882                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        85488                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85488                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85177.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85773.869347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85312.286689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85177.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85773.869347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 48648.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81037.893467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           966                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                74                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               74                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port          986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         1932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        30272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        31552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        61824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   61824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               966                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     966    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 966                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              594876                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy              623374                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5183980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              8.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         1325                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          317                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             28                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           28                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     63232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               883                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq              140                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  2336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        67712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                  84544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             143                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       192                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             1155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.032035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.176168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1118     96.80%     96.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     37      3.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               1155                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             972500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1126500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            394999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
