
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000719                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   718604500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  718604500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   8404                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    14796                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8055459                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8536400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    89.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      749725                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1319911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         29888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data        117376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher        48576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            195840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        29888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        29888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data           1834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher          759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               3060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst         41591724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data        163338805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     67597684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            272528213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     41591724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        41591724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst        41591724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data       163338805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     67597684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           272528213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       467.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1834.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples       759.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000001418485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState               6282                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       3060                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     3060                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                195840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 195840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7               78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12              72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18              99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19             131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20             131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21             131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22              62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23              91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24             113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25              94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26             171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27             150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28             131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30             138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31             113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                    718293500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 3060                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   2365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   223.524571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   144.022771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   252.875224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          366     41.83%     41.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          266     30.40%     72.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           85      9.71%     81.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           55      6.29%     88.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           28      3.20%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      1.14%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      1.03%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.91%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      5.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        29888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       117376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher        48576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 41591723.959424130619                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 163338804.585832685232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 67597684.122490182519                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          467                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1834                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher          759                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14176364                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     71256125                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher     28569960                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30356.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     38852.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     37641.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    60476929                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              114002449                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  10195920                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19763.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               37255.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      272.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   272.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    2181                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    234736.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            1119631.968000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            1484390.006400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           6078127.776000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        124683986.448000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        55862917.891200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2613961.996800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   344520568.627200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   35559770.400000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    10443844.790400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          582367199.904000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           810.414073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime           646089632                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1387000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF     31500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     14023040                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     74086192                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     36872653                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    560735615                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            1621751.040000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            2143658.193600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           6793201.632000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        124683986.448000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        60526771.603200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        7331818.099200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   351029579.980800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   23279084.640000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    10570342.171200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          587980193.808000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           818.225037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime           636011688                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8665840                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF     31500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     16296320                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     48498604                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     42290624                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    571353112                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data        118272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher        47936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            196544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        30336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        30336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data           1848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher          749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               3071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst         42215155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data        164585666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     66707069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            273507889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     42215155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        42215155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst        42215155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data       164585666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     66707069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           273507889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       474.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1848.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples       749.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000001420485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState               6287                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       3071                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     3071                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                196544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 196544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12              77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18             100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19             134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20             130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21             133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22              61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23              86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24             119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25              97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27             150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29              42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30             133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31             107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    718226500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 3071                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   2383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.399077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   146.807057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   253.470475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127          344     39.68%     39.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          284     32.76%     72.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           85      9.80%     82.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      5.42%     87.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           25      2.88%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      2.08%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.69%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      1.61%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           44      5.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        30336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       118272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher        47936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 42215154.511278457940                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 164585665.689541310072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 66707069.048412583768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          474                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher          749                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15316602                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     69988098                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher     24837817                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32313.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     37872.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     33161.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    56424585                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              110142517                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  10232572                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18373.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35865.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      273.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   273.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    2201                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                71.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    233873.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            1113394.464000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            1476097.324800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           6162254.112000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        124683986.448000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        55436164.660800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2353490.227200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   345886038.220800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   34373045.280000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    11106939.446400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          582809430.940800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           811.029476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime           648936304                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1266000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF     31500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     14914540                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     71607217                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     36350195                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    562966548                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            1599919.776000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            2118780.148800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           6755344.780800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        124683986.448000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        60269870.404800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        7316592.192000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   337789438.156800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   34288679.040000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    9959066.779200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          584781677.726400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           813.774027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime           636122364                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8665840                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF     31500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     15235320                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     71433361                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     41997948                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    549772031                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  219234                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            219234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect             11234                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               116384                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    6154                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                737                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          116384                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits              84618                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            31766                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4658                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      234869                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       82619                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           710                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           140                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                      371167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           481                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                          1437210                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              47101                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        1227675                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      219234                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches              90772                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       1279098                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   22778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 2470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          5682                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3747                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                    370834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   936                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples            1349487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.633490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.299840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                   821307     60.86%     60.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                    44480      3.30%     64.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    46996      3.48%     67.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   128220      9.50%     77.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                    56513      4.19%     81.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                    56636      4.20%     85.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   195335     14.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                6                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total              1349487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.152541                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.854207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   115277                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                783656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    375289                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                 63876                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                  11389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                1935143                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                 98541                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                  11389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   170068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  606137                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           8437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    381530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                171926                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                1861973                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.SquashedInsts                 33465                       # Number of squashed instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                   781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  73397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                  91171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents             6681                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             2447565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               4870586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          2890982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             97479                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               1768435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   678978                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                107                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             98                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                    187472                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               258578                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores               92836                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              4416                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores             1933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    1828946                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  93                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   1651088                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              2767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          509007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       776957                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       1349487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.223493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.814330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              820591     60.81%     60.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               95702      7.09%     67.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              114086      8.45%     76.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              116913      8.66%     85.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               91342      6.77%     91.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               54011      4.00%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               56842      4.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         1349487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                     177      0.73%      0.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    19      0.08%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                    199      0.82%      1.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      1.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                    203      0.84%      2.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     8      0.03%      2.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      2.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      2.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    4      0.02%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                      0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%      2.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  16713     68.83%     71.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  4303     17.72%     89.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              1318      5.43%     94.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             1339      5.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             13331      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               1264338     76.58%     77.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   72      0.00%     77.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 15081      0.91%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                2024      0.12%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                 3544      0.21%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                 8904      0.54%     79.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                 7748      0.47%     79.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                3864      0.23%     79.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                518      0.03%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                    0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                 0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash               0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash             0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2              0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3              0      0.00%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               231567     14.03%     93.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               79488      4.81%     98.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           14651      0.89%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           5958      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                1651088                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.148815                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       24283                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.014707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            4580197                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           2243735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1564801                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               98513                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              94352                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        43297                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                1611465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   50575                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            28932                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        72816                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        26756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          5813                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Store at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Loads at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedLoads       185742                       # number of commited loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedStores        66069                       # number of commited stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedLoads            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedStores            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCapabilityCacheMiss            0                       # Total number of capability cache misses
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                  11389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                  465485                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 13087                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             1829039                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch              Due to PID Missprediction
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                258578                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                92836                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 93                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   4613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQCapabilityBlockEvent            0                       # number of times the IEW blocked due to a capability check
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  4168                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           3316                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9472                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                12788                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               1623034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                234724                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             28051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute              Due to Misspredicted PID
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                       317338                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                   146753                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                      82614                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.129295                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        1611276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       1608098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                   1274282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   2289933                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.118903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.556471                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          476547                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              50                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts             11352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1258315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.048951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.975354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       899271     71.47%     71.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        80900      6.43%     77.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        40539      3.22%     81.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68559      5.45%     86.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        15485      1.23%     87.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        31050      2.47%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       122511      9.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1258315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts               749725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                1319911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                         251811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                        185742                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                     129697                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      30882                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                   1295086                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 3608                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8990      0.68%      0.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          1025726     77.71%     78.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              25      0.00%     78.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            14628      1.11%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            913      0.07%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            2950      0.22%     79.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            4972      0.38%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            6124      0.46%     80.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc           3337      0.25%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift           435      0.03%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes               0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          177784     13.47%     94.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          62037      4.70%     99.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         7958      0.60%     99.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         4032      0.31%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           1319911                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                122511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      2932262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     3684524                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           87723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                      749725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       1319911                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.916983                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.916983                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.521653                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.521653                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  3870747                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                 1369868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     62715                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    34196                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    917167                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   689343                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                  633525                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.numOutStandingCapabilityCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of R/W Accesses to Capability Cache in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingWriteAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Write Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingReadAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Read Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOfAliasTableAccess                    0                       # Number of Checkes for PID Misprediction
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPmAn                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PmAn PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0An                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted P0An PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPnA0                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PnA0 PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredict                          0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTAccuracy                           nan                       # Overall LVPT Accuracy
system.cpu.numAliasCacheMisses                      0                       # Number of AliasCache Misses
system.cpu.numAliasCacheAccesses                    0                       # Number of Alias Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheMisses                 0                       # Number of Capability Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheAccesses               0                       # Number of Capability Cache Misses
system.cpu.overallCapabilityCacheMissRate          nan                       # Overall CapabilityCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.overallAliasCacheMissRate              nan                       # Overall AliasCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityCheckMicroops             0                       # number of injected capability check microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityFreeMicroops              0                       # number of injected capability free microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityGenMicroops               0                       # number of injected capability gen microops
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0LowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0PointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           904.760613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              254647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              6120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             41.608987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            220500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   904.760613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.883555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            539228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           539228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data       183788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          183788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        64739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          64739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data       248527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           248527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data       248527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          248527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         16705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1322                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1322                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        18027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1393944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1393944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73881396                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73881396                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1467825396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1467825396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1467825396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1467825396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       200493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       266554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       266554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       266554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       266554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.083320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83444.717151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83444.717151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55886.078669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55886.078669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81423.719754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81423.719754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81423.719754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81423.719754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          145                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       153437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets            1069                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    72.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   143.533209                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         5096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              5096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        11904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        11907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        11907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    410984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410984000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71199396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71199396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482183396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    482183396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482183396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    482183396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85603.832535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85603.832535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53979.830174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53979.830174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78788.136601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78788.136601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78788.136601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78788.136601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                   5096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           472.383843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              370415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            330.432649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   472.383843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.922625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            742747                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           742747                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       369294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          369294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       369294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           369294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       369294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          369294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130138981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    130138981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130138981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    130138981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130138981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    130138981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       370813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       370813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       370813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       370813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       370813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       370813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85674.115207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85674.115207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85674.115207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85674.115207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85674.115207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85674.115207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        45138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           77                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   130.834783                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           77                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103596983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103596983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103596983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103596983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103596983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103596983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92414.793042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92414.793042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92414.793042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92414.793042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92414.793042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92414.793042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    623                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued             7886                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified                7956                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                   63                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                  1684                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2436.550613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        9821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      7221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.360061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                   2204000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    2300.204679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher   136.345934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.070197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.004161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.074358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.005188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.135376                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    110877                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   110877                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1412                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1412                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         4304                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             4304                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               841                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   841                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            180                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                180                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          1576                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1576                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 2417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                2417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data             479                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 479                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          941                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              941                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         3224                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3224                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               3703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              3703                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     49663500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      49663500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98559000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     98559000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364877500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    364877500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        513100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       513100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1412                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1412                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         4304                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4304                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          1320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1121                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1121                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4800                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          4800                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data             6120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data            6120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.362879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.362879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.839429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.839429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.671667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.839429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.605065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.641348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.839429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.605065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.641348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 103681.628392                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103681.628392                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104738.575983                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104738.575983                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 113175.403226                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113175.403226                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104738.575983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 111947.339995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110486.649440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 104738.575983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 111947.339995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110486.649440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data             21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher         1721                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total           1721                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          941                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3206                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3206                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          3682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher         1721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher    107022264                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107022264                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39329000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39329000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78798000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78798000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296393000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    296393000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    414520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher    107022264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    521542264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.839429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.667917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.667917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.839429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.601634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.638448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.839429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.601634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.876122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 62186.091807                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62186.091807                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82623.949580                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82623.949580                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83738.575983                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83738.575983                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92449.469744                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92449.469744                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83738.575983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91179.250407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89664.719879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83738.575983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91179.250407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 62186.091807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82210.319042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6131                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         6142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       195840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       196544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       392384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  392384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              6131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    6131    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                6131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4027594                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy             4027123                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32868077                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12960                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5719                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            213                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          213                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    718604500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              5921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             2109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 20201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       111616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       717824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 829440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            2109                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.023102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.150234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9134     97.69%     97.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    216      2.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1681500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           9180499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
